the rich are eating the middle class and
they are eating the government and in
this country we're shutting down the
welfare state we're shutting down the
healthare education's collapsing the
police system is collapsing local youth
services are
collapsing the rich are eating Us Alive
just look at the numbers in the first
year of covid the average US billionaire
doubled their wealth in one year my dad
lived in an age where you could work a
regular job and support a family and you
know I went to school with kids who
recently come over from Pakistan working
in shops being able to buy houses and
raise families and accumulate wealth it
was possible 20 30 years ago and we're
losing that this economic situation does
not get better it can get better if we
deal with the inequality if we deal with
the tax system but I'm the moment we
have a tax system that makes you pay 40%
and makes Elon Musk pay nothing and Elon
musk's Elon musk's kids are going to own
the houses that your kids need and your
kids will be poor